README.md, before:

# Opleiden 4.0 - AR

The opleiden 4.0 - AR proof of concept aims to stimulate new learning experiences in the industry.

Project partners: imec, KdG, Catalisti, acta vzw

## About
This Unity app is designed specifically for an iPad pro 11-inch 1st	generation.
The UI and AR capabilities of the app were never designed to work on other devices. So your mileage may vary.

### Promo video
[![Opleiden 4.0](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Cb6JP_J9G9M/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb6JP_J9G9M)

### AR features
The project supports two types of AR experiences:
- Object tracking: the user can track the real-world object (the acta vzw pump) and the user can interact with the virtual overlay.
- Plane tracking: the user can place a virtual representation of the real-world object (the acta vzw pump) on the floor and can interact with the same overlay.

At the start of the app the user can choose between both options. Based on the option different AR components are enabled.


## Licensing

The project source code and assets are licensed under the MIT license.

[Unity license and Serialized Dictionary library](https://unity3d.com/legal/as_terms)

Commit message:

docs: refer to development docs in main readme

README.md, after:

# Opleiden 4.0 - AR

The opleiden 4.0 - AR proof of concept aims to stimulate new learning experiences in the industry.

Project partners: imec, KdG, Catalisti, acta vzw

## About
This Unity app is designed specifically for an iPad pro 11-inch 1st	generation.
The UI and AR capabilities of the app were never designed to work on other devices. So your mileage may vary.

### Promo video
[![Opleiden 4.0](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Cb6JP_J9G9M/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb6JP_J9G9M)

### AR features
The project supports two types of AR experiences:
- Object tracking: the user can track the real-world object (the acta vzw pump) and the user can interact with the virtual overlay.
- Plane tracking: the user can place a virtual representation of the real-world object (the acta vzw pump) on the floor and can interact with the same overlay.

At the start of the app the user can choose between both options. Based on the option different AR components are enabled.

## Development

You can find more about developing the app [here](./Documentation/Development.md).

## Licensing

The project source code and assets are licensed under the MIT license.

[Unity license and Serialized Dictionary library](https://unity3d.com/legal/as_terms)
